So this was another big module but you now know how you can pick an image or take an image, here only
one of the two works on the simulator
but this proves best that both works actually I guess. You learned how you can locate yourself and pick
a location and then how you can use all that data to also view what you picked here in a nice responsive
way on the place detail page. With that the application is really looking nice, really looking beautiful
and I think this image in this place fits perfectly.
So now let's continue to the next module to learn how we can finally leave our local device and send
all that data over the wire to some server to store our location and our image and so on there, so that
we can always load it
and also and that is the idea behind this app, load the places of other people, so that we can see whatever
someone else created, can view it and find it here and see which beautiful places other people got to share.